Add Gelato Docs (#376)
PureStake/moonbeam-docs: builders/integrations/relayers/gelato.md

#### Setup {: #setup }
First, we need to import the Gelato Relay SDK and EthersJS:

```
  import { Wallet, utils } from "ethers";
  import { GelatoRelaySDK } from "@gelatonetwork/gelato-relay-sdk";
```

#### Define the ChainID and Target Contract {: #define-the-chainid-and-target-contract }
Next, we'll define the chain ID and the [HelloWorld contract](https://moonscan.io/address/0x3456E168d2D7271847808463D6D383D079Bd5Eaa){target=_blank} that we want to interact with.

```
  const chainId = 1284;
  // Hello World smart contract on Moonbeam
  const target = "0x3456E168d2D7271847808463D6D383D079Bd5Eaa";
```

#### Create a Test Account {: #create-a-test-account }
In this step, we'll create a new test account that will submit the gasless transaction. This account is insecure and should not be used in production. We've defined a `test_token` with a default value for demonstration purposes. 

```

>   const test_token = "0xEeeeeEeeeEeEeeEeEeEeeEEEeeeeEeeeeeeeEEeE";

Author: Yup any token is fine here

  const sponsor = await wallet.getAddress();
  console.log(`Mock PK: ${await wallet._signingKey().privateKey}`);
  console.log(`Mock wallet address: ${sponsor}`);
```

#### Add Request Data {: #add-request-data }

In this step we have to provide the ABI-encoded call data for the function we want to interact with. You can generate this by taking the following steps:

1. Navigate to the **Write Contract** heading of the [Hello World Contract on Moonscan](https://moonscan.io/address/0x3456E168d2D7271847808463D6D383D079Bd5Eaa#writeContract){target=_blank} 
2. Press  **Connect to Web3**. After you accept the terms and conditions, you can connect your wallet
3. Head to the `sayHiVanilla` function and provide the following default value for the `_feeToken` parameter: `0xEeeeeEeeeEeEeeEeEeEeeEEEeeeeEeeeeeeeEEeE`
4. Press **Write**
5. Without confirming the transaction in MetaMask, click on the **Hex** tab
6. Press **Copy Raw Transaction Data**

The resulting ABI-encodeded call data should look like `0x4b327067000000000000000000000000eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeaeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee`

![Gelato Relay SDK](/images/builders/integrations/relayers/gelato/gelato-5.png)

> There are some additional parameters defined here, such as paymentType, maxFee, and gas limit. There are a variety of possible [payment types](https://docs.gelato.network/developer-products/gelato-relay-sdk/payment-types){target=_blank} you can choose from. For simplicity, replay protection has not been considered in this example. 

Reviewer: This context switch is kind of confusing - maybe explain what you're going to do with the abi-encoded data now that you've retrieved it before jumping into additional paremeters - and where are the additional parameters defined?

Reviewer: I see the parameters are defined in the following example

> There are some additional parameters defined here, such as paymentType, maxFee, and gas limit. There are a variety of possible [payment types](https://docs.gelato.network/developer-products/gelato-relay-sdk/payment-types){target=_blank} you can choose from. For simplicity, replay protection has not been considered in this example. 

Reviewer: i guess it's just `gas` looking at the following code snippet... maybe being more explicit and stating "There are some additional parameters defined in the following example"

```
  // abi encode for HelloWorld.sayHiVanilla(address _feeToken)
  const data = `0x4b327067000000000000000000000000eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeaeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee`;
  

>   // Async Gas Tank payment model (won't be enforced on testnets, 
>   // hence no need to deposit into Gelato's Gas Tank smart contract)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // Async gas tank payment model (won't be enforced on TestNets, 
  // hence no need to deposit into Gelato's gas tank smart contract)
```

This is first mentioning of gelato's gas tank smart contract - a brief explanation that it will be used before using it might be nice

Reviewer: if we're not using it maybe this line isn't even necessary? i don't know

  const paymentType = 1;
  // Maximum fee that sponsor is willing to pay worth of test_token
  const maxFee = "1000000000000000000";
  // Gas limit
  const gas = "200000";
  

>   // We do not enforce smart contract nonces to simplify the example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // Smart contract nonces are not enforced to simplify the example.
```

  // In reality, this decision depends whether or not target
  // address already implements replay protection. (More info in the docs)
  const sponsorNonce = 0;
  const enforceSponsorNonce = false;

>   // Only relevant when enforceSponsorNonce=true

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // Only relevant when enforceSponsorNonce = true
```

  const enforceSponsorNonceOrdering = false;
```

> #### Putting it All Together {: #putting-it-all-together }

Reviewer: Maybe this should be a "Send Request Data" section

> The last few steps are building the request object, hashing it, and finally, signing it. The last step is to submit the request and the signature to the Gelato Relay API. You can copy and paste the below code into a javascript file. You can name the file `hello-world.js` or a similar name. 

Reviewer: Since there is code being assembled in the previous section, I think creating the file should happen first and then added to the file as you go... so maybe the `forwardRequestExample` function should be created in previous section then added to in this one

```
import { Wallet, utils } from "ethers";
import { GelatoRelaySDK } from "@gelatonetwork/gelato-relay-sdk";

const forwardRequestExample = async () => {

>   const chainId = 1284;

Reviewer: use variables.yml variable

>   // Hello World smart contract on Moonbeam

Reviewer: comment updates that were suggested in previous section apply to this one as well

  console.log(`Mock wallet address: ${sponsor}`);
  
  // abi encode for HelloWorld.sayHiVanilla(address _feeToken)
  const data = `0x4b327067000000000000000000000000eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeaeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee`;
  
  // Async Gas Tank payment model (won't be enforced on testnets, 
  // hence no need to deposit into Gelato's Gas Tank smart contract)
  const paymentType = 1;
  // Maximum fee that sponsor is willing to pay worth of test_token
  const maxFee = "1000000000000000000";
  // Gas limit
  const gas = "200000";
 
  // We do not enforce smart contract nonces to simplify the example.
  // In reality, this decision depends whether or not target 
  // address already implements replay protection. (More info in the docs)
  const sponsorNonce = 0;
  const enforceSponsorNonce = false;
  // Only relevant when enforceSponsorNonce=true
  const enforceSponsorNonceOrdering = false;

  // Build ForwardRequest object
  const forwardRequest = GelatoRelaySDK.forwardRequest(
    chainId,
    target,
    data,
    test_token,
    paymentType,
    maxFee,
    gas,
    sponsorNonce,
    enforceSponsorNonce,
    sponsor
  );

  // Get EIP-712 hash (aka digest) of forwardRequest

>   const digest = GelatoRelaySDK.getForwardRequestDigestToSign(forwardRequest);

Reviewer: maybe there should be a bit of an explainer outside of the code that discusses why the EIP-712 hash is needed and that it enables gasless transactions
